---
title: Teaching Philosophy
---
Society today is more complex than it has ever been. Technology and consumer
capitialism has made our current world extremly complex and confusing,
espeically for young people coming of age. The reason I teach is to help young
people decode the world around them and find their place in society.

Even I myself can feel confused and overwhlemed in the world we live in today.
It's not easy to internalize the complexities of our society, as the world we
live in today is the product of a much larger process than ourselves. If
history has taught me anything, it is that our lives and the change we can
inact in our life time is only one small part of a much larger story that has
been going on well before I was born. I believe that the relatively recent
explosion in the complexity and capabilities of technology have made our
current time especially complicated to understand. All around us, proccesses
that have a long history are deeply interconnected in our daily lives.

Young people that are entering new phases of their life need help to understand
the way our world came to be in order for them to make it their own. The future
needs educated citizens who believe in a sense of togetherness in order for
them to successfully take up their positions as new leaders of the world. 

I want to teach because I want to be there to support young people in the
changes of their lives and helped them actualize their dreams. I believe
general education is the best way for young people to develop their minds and
their ideas about the world. Through just keeping their minds challenged with
fun and engaging school work, I hope to help my students develop a general
intelligence that will help them develop the tools to decode society. I want to
teach to help students understand themselves, their emotions, their passions,
and their wants, as well as open their eyes to the society they will be a part
of. The aim is for them to be able to internalize these two things (their wants
and the world they were born into) so that they may be able to actualize all
the change they want to see in the world. 
